>> Steve Kinney: Interesting thing is
the Amazon CLI is incredibly powerful.
Anything you can do from the UI,
you can do from the command line.
So you can even do stuff like
setting headers or an S3 bucket or
any of those options.
Those are all things that
you can pass through.
That said, if you thought about how
overwhelming that drop-down was,
then the amount of options available for
the CLI is an art form to learn.
Cool, and so you can do a lot of stuff,
you can get the contents
of your S3 bucket.
And so if you type in AWS,
the AWS is the command line tool.
Then it's what service you want.
So in this case I want S3.
And then, okay,
what do I wanna do with S3?
Well I want to list the contents of
a bucket, and then which bucket, right?
So if you on the other hand wanted to
configure CloudFront from the command
line, it would be AWS CloudFront,
so on and so forth, right?
We're just gonna be working with
S3 right now on the command line.
Cuz we wanna basically build it so
that we can have a command go ahead and
deploy the app.
But if we did AWS S3 ls and then the name
of our bucket, you would see the contents.
If I did it live right now, you'd just see
that index.html that I uploaded earlier.
This is one with the React app
that we're about to deploy in it.
So this is going to be
the one that we use.
So let's just talk about it real quick.
All right, AWS,
wusing AWS command line tool, cool.
We wanna work with S3,
and then we want to copy.
And so we wanna copy directory
from our local machine.
So it's gonna be the dist directory.
Now, for your app you might
have a build directory, or
whatever your application gets built into.
This is gonna be like take the built
assets and copy them to S3 bucket, right?
I just registered
superimportantwebsite.com,
but this one is mysuperfunwebsite.com.
And then the dash dash recursive,
we'll ahead and
get all the sub-directories as well.
I don't really have any sub-directories,
but this would go and
get all of the contents of that folder.
And it would go ahead and upload it to S3.
>> Steve Kinney: So let's go ahead and
deploy our application for the first time.
>> Steve Kinney: So I have a version of
the noted project that's in the setup
instructions.
There is both a base one that
you can go ahead and clone.
And then there's a live one that I'm
gonna be pushing updates to as well.
So we could, if we go ahead,
open it up in Visual Studio.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we look in our package.json.
We have a start for
starting the development server.
We've got a build command that will go
ahead and build the application, and
we have the ability to test it.
So first thing we wanna do
is likely actually build
the application, so yarn run build.
>> Steve Kinney: Fun, fun, fun.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, let me take
a second and I'm gonna fix this issue.
Cuz I copied a directory and
hoped for the best.
So we'll find out what it is in a second.
>> Speaker 2: Should we be using npm?
[INAUDIBLE] it's through.
Or this is a [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: Either one,
not really doing anything
special with them.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah I'm just saying that
people that have npm it's a not given that
they'll have yarn installed.
>> Steve Kinney: I can totally do that.
>> Speaker 2: He does.
Okay in your instructions,
you have to install Yarn.
>> Steve Kinney: I can use npm,
that doesn't matter.
I'm not using it-
>> Speaker 2: It's in your instructions
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: All right.
>> Steve Kinney: All right looks like
the directory I copied right before we
started doesn't work.
So I'm just gonna use,
>> Steve Kinney: This one.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, ready?
>> Speaker 2: Are we gonna
use Yarn to install or NPM?
>> Steve Kinney: You wanna do Yarn or NPM?
>> Speaker 2: Well you said-
>> Steve Kinney: All right.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: All right yep.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
All right so I'll go ahead,
I'll do a yarn run build.
And this will build the application.
Again, this is a relatively small app.
But it will go ahead and-
>> Speaker 2: Do Yarn install just for
video sake or is that already set up?
>> Steve Kinney: Probably not.
>> Speaker 2: Let's start.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
ignore everything I just said.
[LAUGH] All right, so I have this project.
We'll just go ahead and
make sure we have all the dependencies.
And so I have them installed, but
if you've just gone on to repo,
it's gonna pull down React and React
Router and everything along those lines.
Once we have all of the dependencies,
we're ready to build the app.
I can do a yarn run build.
>> Steve Kinney: And it will go through
and it will take all of my assets and
build the final project.
So now I have this dist
directory that is brand new.
This is the built version of
the application, so I do ls dist.
You can see there are my
code split bundles.
I've got two pictures of Prince,
cuz honestly what application is complete
without at least two pictures of Prince.
And we've got the favicon,
which is a little picture of Link,
and then that index.html.
So what we wanna do is now we
could get in the process of
taking all these files and
dragging them into the UI.
And that's three every single time.
But what if we didn't, cuz that is,
again, it's no way to live.
So we'll say s3, aws s3,
and we'll say copy.
And we'll take that dist directory
that we just generated and
we'll do s3://superimportantwebsite.com.
Now for you,
it's gonna be the name of your bucket.
>> Steve Kinney: Go ahead, and you can see
that I have uploaded all of those files.
And they went from dist index.html
to replacing the html in the bucket.
And then adding these additional files.
>> Steve Kinney: So I refresh the page.
My application from React from the command
line is up and on the Internet.
So I don't want to remember
to type this ever again.
So what I might consider
doing is just grabbing it.
>> Steve Kinney: And
going to package.json, and
let's make one more,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll say deploy.
>> Steve Kinney: And that will
build the app,
>> Steve Kinney: And
then it will go ahead and deploy the app.
So now, instead of ever remembering that,
we just need to remember yarn run deploy,
and our application will be deployed.
We can get better at this
eventually by going ahead and
making sure that we don't have to do
that by having our CI/CD process.
But hey if this is a merge and master and
all the tests pass, go, right?
And there's different flows,
we'll talk about that when we get to it.
So just to test this out,
do a yarn run deploy.
>> Steve Kinney: And I switched projects,
so I gotta grab this line.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: So it'll build it and
then immediately deploy it, right?
So now we've got a shortcut for
doing this.
Now, I can go refresh it, but
it's gonna be effectively the same site.
But we did generate a new bundle.
All right, cool